---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cloudca_instance Resource - terraform-provider-cloudca"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# cloudca_instance (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- **compute_offering** (String) Name or id of the compute offering to use for this instance
- **environment_id** (String) ID of environment where instance should be created
- **name** (String) Name of instance
- **network_id** (String) Id of the network into which the new instance will be created
- **template** (String) Name or id of the template to use for this instance

### Optional

- **cpu_count** (Number) The instances CPU count. If the compute offering is custom, this value is required
- **dedicated_group_id** (String) Id of the dedicated group into which the new instance will be created
- **id** (String) The ID of this resource.
- **memory_in_mb** (Number) The instance's memory in MB. If the compute offering is custom, this value is required
- **private_ip** (String) The IPv4 address of the instance. Must be within the network's CIDR and not collide with existing instances.
- **public_key** (String) Public key to attach to the new instance. Note: Cannot be used with SSH key name.
- **root_volume_size_in_gb** (Number) The size of the root volume in GB. This can only be set if the template allows choosing a custom root volume size.
- **ssh_key_name** (String) SSH key name to attach to the new instance. Note: Cannot be used with public key.
- **user_data** (String) Additional data passed to the new instance during its initialization

### Read-Only

- **private_ip_id** (String)


